# Islandora IR Interest Group: Meeting 03
## October 22, 2015, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
1. General Introductions
2. GitHub Issue tracking system
    * Issues and features related to Islandora IR modules
    * Highlighted use cases
    * Possible candidates for JIRA tickets
3. Announcements
4. Logistics and next meeting

## Attendees
* Bryan Brown
* Emily Toner
* Donald Moses
* Brad Spry
* Lingling Jiang
* Andrea Kosavic
* Joseph Nicholson
* Alex Kent

## Notes
* Roundtable introductions for new members (Lingling Jiang, Andrea Kosavic & Joseph Nicholson)
* Recap of last meeting
* Discussion of Fedora 4 Interest Group's proposal that Islandora 1.7 be the last 1.x release
   * We understand the F4IG's desire to not maintain a deprecated platform, BUT a lot of people won't be able to use Islandora 2.x in production for quite a while and this may alienate them.
   * Let's continue to look forward to Islandora 2.x and work with the core devs to make sure IR stuff is done right, and worry about migration when that's more of a realistic possibility.
* Discussion of issues
   * All [current issues](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues) were discussed briefly
   * Donald Moses added a [wiki page with the markdown template for writing formal use cases](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/wiki/Use-Case-template) (thanks Don!).
   * Emily Toner will re-label issues to closer match Jira's labels.
   * All issue creators should go back through and try to state their issue in the form of a use case (if possible) using Don's template.
   * All group members should go through issues and add a "+1" or "I'd help make this happen" so we can prioritize issues based on needs/resources available.
   * [Ticket #14](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/14) is a good use case for forming a migrations working group to make sure everyone migrating out of Bepress/DSpace isn't reinventing the wheel. We already have several Bepress people. Get in touch through the [IIRIG Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/islandora-ir) for details.
   * [Ticket #15](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/15) *might* have already been solved by FSU with the [islandora_scholar_templates module](https://github.com/FLVC/islandora_scholar_templates). If this fits your use case, try it out and see if it works for you. Some extra theming may be required though.
   * Some issue creators weren't there to explain their tickets, so we will let them have the floor for next meeting's agenda.
* Final item: Bryan Brown would like to start a scholarly metrics working group, contact him through the [IIRIG Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/islandora-ir) for details.
