# Islandora IR Interest Group: Meeting 05
## January 28, 2016, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
1. Introductions
2. Updates from working groups: Metrics Working Group, Migration Working Group
3. GitHub issue tracking - possisble new features/issues to pursue ([decoupling Scholar module](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/8), [ORCID](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/10), [embargoes](Re-imagining of embargoes), etc.)
4. Logistics and next meeting

## Notes

### Updates from working groups

* No formal structure to the working groups yet (hence no online descriptions)
* Metrics group
	* Islandora Usage Statistics helper module by FSU (objects view and datastream views): https://github.com/flvc/islandora_usage_stats_callbacks -- specific to the Scholar module
	* Islandora usage stats and Counter specifications 
* Migration group
	* Possible documentation: list of modules (beyond Islandora Scholar) that are recommended for migration and best practices/potential pitfalls
	* Who has actually gone through an IR migration to Islandora? Bryan from FSU and Emily from BC --both will try to share information
	* bePress to Islandora migrations: nice features in BePress include linking, analytics/metrics, search engine optimization

### GitHub issue tracking 

Discussion about some issues that we would like to pursue further: 

* [Simplify Ingest in Scholar](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/9)
	* Ex. anonymous submission process -- related to crowdsourcing, which is a broader than IR
	* ETD deposit submission -- desired features include notification emails; Jennifer is going to come up with a core set of requirements for this use case
* [ORCID integration](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/10)
  * Emily T. will follow up via email with Google Group    
* [Decoupling Scholar module](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/8)

### Meeting Logistics

* Next meeting will on February 25th at 3pm EST. 
