# Islandora IR Interest Group: Meeting 02
## September 24, 2015, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
1. General Introductions
2. Possible goals and outcomes of the IG
    * What are the main problems that we would like to tackle?
    * What are our priorities as a group?
3. Potential subgroups
    * How do we want to organize these groups? 
4. Logistics: Meeting times and platform, IG GitHub Wiki and Google Group

## Meeting Notes
(taken by Emily Toner, 9/25/15)

## Attendees
- Melissa Anez
- Mark Baggett
- Bryan Brown
- David Corbly
- Jennifer Eustis
- Tommy Keswick
- Donald Moses
- Nathan Sarr
- Devin Soper
- Donald Taylor
- Emily Toner
- Brandon Weigel

### Discussion about possible goals and outcome of the IG
- Identifying issues/bugs with existing modules
- Identifying desired functionality and new features
- Collecting and sharing use case scenarios

### Specific issues/features that came up: 
- Re-architecture of scholar module
- Need for a smoother ingest process
- Analytics tools for scholar module
- Plagiarism detection tool
- ORCID integration
- Importance of datasets

### How do we execute these goals? 
- We can use the same model as the Islandora UI Interest Group. 
- Submit issues to JIRA ticketing system and participate in the next Islandora release
- Identify and document individual issues/feaures/use cases using the GitHub Issue tracking system
	- Action needed: Everyone should add issues to GitHub before the next meeting
	- The next meeting will focus on reviewing this issue list. 
- No need for subgroups at the moment, since it is a relatively small group
- We should consider Fedora 4 planning as we look at the current version of the Scholar module and other Islandora 7 modules. 

### Other logistics: 
- Meetings will take place every fourth Thursday of the month, at 3PM EST on Skype. 
- Islandora IR Google Group will be used to avoid spamming the main Islandora Google Group, but we will cross-post when appropriate.
