# Islandora IR Interest Group: Meeting 04
## December 3, 2015, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
1. Introductions
2. Updates from working groups: Metrics Working Group, Migration Working Group
3. GitHub issue tracking 
4. Logistics and next meeting

## Notes

### Updates from working groups

(Note that these groups have not formally met yet.)

Metrics working group

* Looking at COUNTER specifications for views and downloads as IR standard
* Interest in a Open Repositories Conference group proposal on this topic? --This could be a means of focusing and pushing this work along. 

Migration working group

* Better documentation is key -- We should partner with Documentation IG on this. 
    * Improve Islandora Scholar module documentation, with more detailed information and guidelines
    * Create documentation for bepress migration package -- include suite of different modules that should be used in Islandora. 

### GitHub issue tracking 

* Explanation of GitHub issues page for new people
* Emily will send out a reminder about this and share some more information to the larger group, who may not have been in the meetings where this was discussed. 

### Meeting Logistics

* The meeting on Dec. 24 is cancelled. 
* Our next call instead will be on Thursday January 28 at 3PM EST via Skype. 
