# Islandora IR Interest Group
## August 25, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/wswXMESUbCkk))

## Agenda
* Volunteer for Next Facilitator / Notetaker
* Discuss [tickets from last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2016-07-28.md#tickets)
  * Reports on tickets in the [IIRIG Google Drive folder](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1waeo9l2lJzUJj0vMULs6v2u6QXKvqBbEt5WgGMJZZ7Y/edit#heading=h.el50svmwghot)
    * [ISLANDORA-914](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-914): close or fix?
    * [ISLANDORA-1067](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1076): asking committers to close
    * [ISLANDORA-1582](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1582): we'll fix (help! esp. @bondjimbond)
    * [ISLANDORA-1014](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1014): proposes changes to other modules to be like Scholar
    * [ISLANDORA-1738](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1738): we'll fix (help!) but will be tough
    * [ISLANDORA-1052](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1052): asking committers to close
    * [ISLANDORA-1759](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1759): asking committers to close (@DonRichards)
* CLAW IR MVP
  * MVP = Minimum Viable Product
  * CLAW MVP = Smallest possible feature set for CLAW to launch v1.0 and be considered usable
  * CLAW IR MVP = Smallest possible feature set for CLAW IR to be usable
  * List your ideas [here](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/31)
