# Islandora IR Interest Group
## February 25, 2016, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
1. Survey time!
  1. How many are using Islandora as an IR in production?
  2. How many are migrating?
  3. How many are considering a migration?
2. Lets start pulling our weight in the community
  1. Sign up for release help
  2. Submit bugs to Jira
  3. Participate in Committers / CLAW calls
3. Possible strategy: maintain 1.x, plan & design for 2.x
  1. [CLAW Training](http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fislandora.ca%2Fcontent%2Fislandora-claw-lessons-sign-form&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE6KqWOG8fDUw_U6Cs-vGtd4L831g)
  2. Maybe this is where working groups come into play?

## Attendees
- Bryan Brown
- Melissa Anez
- Donald Taylor
- Brad Spry
- Mark Baggett
- Keila Zayas Ruiz
- Andrea Kosavic

## Notes
1. Islandora IR survey
  1. We need to poll the Islandora community to find out who is using Islandora as a production IR, who is currently migrating, and who is planning on a migration in the future.'
  2. Results of informal call poll:
    1. Boston College (Emily Toner) and Florida State University (Bryan Brown) are in production
    2. Simon Frasier University (Don Taylor), University of Tennessee, Knoxville (Mark Baggett & Keila Zayas Ruiz), and University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill (Brad Spry) are undergoing or about to undergo a migration.
    3. York University (Andrea Kosavic) is considering a migration but are roughly a year away.
    4. Suggestion from Emily Toner & Melissa Anez would be to post this question to the main Islandora group and ask for informal replies detailing the respondant's current situation; we can compile of list of universities from this and present it to the Islandora Foundation. Having actual data is always a good idea!
2. Community participation
  1. [Bryan] This wasn't a well thought out agenda item. My bad.
  2. Several of us are already submitting Jira tickets; Jira should be used primarily for bugs, while more amorphous improvement requests should incubate in the IRIG until its mature (clear enough to be actionable).
  3. We should strive to be committers if we can since they're the heroes that fix the bugs we report. Not very many people are familiar enough with Scholar to do work on it, so its in our best interest to make sure that Scholar bugs get fixed. Ditto for other modules used by an IR like Usage Stats. Related: get on the committer's calls.
  4. Everyone (regardless of skill level) should be helping out with the releases; the current (1.7) release spreadsheet is full, but we need to make sure that Scholar and other IR modules get coverage during releases in terms of testers, documentation writers, etc.
3. BEWARE THE CLAW!
  1. Islandora 2.x is now called Islandora CLAW (CLAW Linked Asset Webframework), and its the future of the Islandora project so we need to be thinking about it as the future of our group as well.
  2. CLAW training sessions are coming up, [sign up](http://islandora.ca/content/islandora-claw-lessons-sign-form) if you haven't already! Also, CLAW calls: get on them.
  3. We're most likely stuck with most of the warts in Islandora 1.x, but since the IR components of CLAW haven't yet been written, this is our chance to put our ideas and experience with how Islandora **SHOULD** function as an IR into practice. Let's keep the good and reimplement the problematic (easier said than done, though).
4. How do you solve a problem like Working Groups?
  1. In hindsight, Bryan didn't do the best job establishing WGs and what they should be doing. Here's round 2.
  2. A working group should be a smallish group of collaborators with a shared interest who combine their use cases and come up with an implementation (or model) that solves their collective use cases.
  3. Analytics is a good example of a domain that could use a WG since we all have specific use cases for analytics but no "one right way to do it" in Islandora. Let's lean into this and see what we can accomplish going forward.
  4. Migration is **NOT** an example of a good WG since there's no single solution that could solve all use cases; your migration will depend entirely on what you are migrating from and what your goals for the new system will be.
    1. Instead of a WG, lets just handle this informally. If you are migrating and have a question about how other people did it, ask them, preferably in a post to the entire group so everyone can benefit from the exchange. Let us know what you're working on and what your plan is, and other people who have done that thing before can explain their experience and offer feedback.
    2. This was done in a very informal way when Mark Baggett asked about the best way to plan a migration; Emily Toner responded by talking about the specific planning choices Boston College made in terms of assessing what Islandora could and couldn't do, and then planning around the things it can't do. Bryan Brown had a similar strategy, but emphasized the importance of understanding all of your stakeholders and their wants vs. needs (and then triage).
  
* Next meeting will on March 24th at 3pm EST. 
