# Islandora IR Interest Group
## June 23, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
* Volunteer for Next Facilitator / Notetaker
* New Member Introductions
	* Mike Nason (University of New Brunswick, [UNB Scholar](https://unbscholar.lib.unb.ca/))
* Future Meeting Things
	* Drop Skype for [The Claw Conference Call Service](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/u32wsPQkVYs)
		* **Rationale**:  
			* We've hit the 25 person limit for group size / calls
			* Don't have to delete people from group to make call
	* Proposed new model:
		* **Facilitator**: convenes meetings, leads discussion, *executes Skype call*, etc.
		* **Notetaker**: takes notes, convenes the next meeting
* Discussion of Scholar Embrago / Ontology Issue
	* The problem is outlined here:
		* [VOTE: What should we do about this Scholar Embargo issue?](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-ir/bvTMqbyXXZA)
		* [Islandora-1727](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1727)
		* [Related Pull Request](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_ontology/pull/5)
		* [Islandora-1738](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1738)
	* Is anyone currently using or planning to use a triplestore other than Mulgara with Scholar 7.x-1.x?
		* [Smithsonian's Trippi SPARQL](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/islandora/triplestore/islandora/2BDumkJADN4/uvBTQRatAAAJ)
	* Is this worth fixing and how to vote?
* Round table:
	* What's new at your institution with Islandora Scholar

## Attendees
* Mark Baggett (chair / facilitator / notetaker)


## Notes

		
