# Islandora IR Interest Group
## September 22, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/xPZzsXVPXkho))

## Agenda
* Volunteer for Next Facilitator / Notetaker
* [1.8 release](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit?pref=2&pli=1#gid=211974923) to-do list
* [Islandora Con 2017 CFP](http://www.islandora.ca/content/islandoracon-2017-call-proposals-now-open)
* [DigiNole harvest policy](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-MRzkC5X-UmMzk3M0UtRXJIa3M)
* [FLIIRT updates](https://fliirt.wiki.flvc.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page#Sept._6.2C_2016:_Code_changes_on_ir-test.digital.flvc.org)
* [CLAW IR Roadmap document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pFpL1PK1Tk3FSini2nZeDajw8PyXnh-2xBNOnM6fbvM/edit?usp=sharing)

### Attendees
* Devin Soper (chair)

### Notes
* The note taker for this meeting is
