# Islandora IR Interest Group
## December 22, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/qopMbhd7Ksxb))

## Agenda
* Don Richards as new IG co-convener
* Islandoracon 2017
  * Who's going
  * Who wants to co-teach a Scholar workshop?
* Embargo requirements
  * [PCDM Embargo discussion](https://github.com/duraspace/pcdm/issues/70)
* [ET-DMS datastream?](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1847)
* [RDF UI use cases](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/x2UaNrCElzo)
  
## Attendees
* Bryan Brown :chicken: :pencil:

## Notes

## Next Meeting
* January 26, 2017 - 3pm EST
* Chair: 
* Note Taker: 
