# Islandora IR Interest Group
## October 27, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/qopMbhd7Ksxb))

## Agenda
* Next meeting
  * Scheduled for Nov. 24 (Thanksgiving) :(
  * Alternatives:
    * Nov. 17
    * Dec. 1
    * Skip it
  * Volunteer for Facilitator / Notetaker
* [CLAW IR Roadmap doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pFpL1PK1Tk3FSini2nZeDajw8PyXnh-2xBNOnM6fbvM/edit)
  * Let's explore relevant standards
    * [COAR Resource Type](https://www.coar-repositories.org/activities/repository-interoperability/ig-controlled-vocabularies-for-repository-assets/coar-vocabularies/deliverables/)
    * [SPAR Ontology](http://www.sparontologies.net/)
    * [FaBiO Ontology](http://sempublishing.sourceforge.net/#fabio)
    * [COUNTER](https://www.projectcounter.org/)
    * [SUSHI](http://www.niso.org/workrooms/sushi/)
* The Great 7.x-1.9 Cleanup
  * 3 open JIRA tix for Usage Stats
  * 33 open JIRA tix for Scholar
  * Deadline: Spring-ish?
  
## Attendees
* Bryan Brown
* Emily Toner
* Don Richards

## Notes

### Next Meeting
* ?, 2016 - 3pm EST
* Chair: ?
* Note Taker: ?

====== notes

## Agenda
* Next meeting
  * Scheduled for December 1
  * Volunteer for Facilitator / Notetaker
* News
  * Emily is moving to Temple University and will be withdrawing from IR work

* [CLAW IR Roadmap doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pFpL1PK1Tk3FSini2nZeDajw8PyXnh-2xBNOnM6fbvM/edit)
  * Let's explore relevant standards
    * [COAR Resource Type](https://www.coar-repositories.org/activities/repository-interoperability/ig-controlled-vocabularies-for-repository-assets/coar-vocabularies/deliverables/)
        * Confederation of Open Access Repositories 
        * D. Soper likes the approach this vocab uses. Covers many of our IR use cases.
    * [SPAR Ontology](http://www.sparontologies.net/)
        * Publishing and different types of statuses that works may have.
    * [FaBiO Ontology](http://sempublishing.sourceforge.net/#fabio)
    * [COUNTER](https://www.projectcounter.org/)
    * [SUSHI](http://www.niso.org/workrooms/sushi/)
    * Brian is looking for other vocabularies that would be helpful in a LD and/or IR context - asks IRIG members to review and share discoveries in https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/7
    * Brian will contact the folks in Islandora Metadata IG to discuss.
    * Brian going to reach out to Hydra group. eg. What is Sufia using for LD in the scholarly context? Is DSpace doing something with LD?
    * CLAW 
       * in LD scholarly works are just objects with metadata attached. Reasoning can be used to determine display for example. 
       * More about CLAW ... missed that.
    * Has a section for new features -  eg. Reports and visualize the output.
    * Have a look at the VIVO ontology - https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/VIVO/Ontologies+in+VIVO
* The Great 7.x-1.9 Cleanup
  * Brian's first experience with Islandora releases - who is responsible for what. Testing content that have been pulled into the codebase. Pull requests need to get submitted before code freeze.
  * 3 open JIRA tix for Usage Stats
  * 33 open JIRA tix for Scholar
      * a lot of work to do given the number of tickets
      * Brian will pull into a google doc to triage the tickets. eg close, test, fix.
      * ensure we are in a good position for the end of April release of 7.x-1.9
      * Don Richards and Brian will collaborate.  All members encouraged to help with documentation and testing.
  * Deadline: April 2017
* Discussion re: COUNTER reports
  * Maybe investigate COAR's Open Metrics - https://www.coar-repositories.org/activities/repository-interoperability/usage-data-and-beyond/ as more relevant to the IR context
  
  
  
## Attendees
* Bryan Brown
* Emily Toner
* Don Richards
* Devin Soper
* Melissa Anez
* Keila Zayas Ruiz
* Donald Moses (notes)
* Buddy Pennington


## Notes

### Next Meeting
* December 1, 2016 - 3pm EST
* Chair: ?
* Note Taker: ?

