# Islandora IR Interest Group
## July 28, 2016, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/wswXMESUbCkk))

## Agenda
* Volunteer for Next Facilitator / Notetaker
* Round table:
	* Update on Scholar Embargoes namespacing issue
		* [GitHub PR](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_ontology/pull/5#issuecomment-235697133)
		* [JIRA Ticket](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1738?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Scholar%20Module%22)
		* Nick says bad RDF will bite us during migration to CLAW
		* We're doing it. Who wants to help?
	* Displaying Citation Counts
		* [Google Discussion](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-ir/JD11fqns1_k)
		* [islandora_badges](https://github.com/bondjimbond/islandora_badges)
	* Discussion of Encoding within the Abstracts
		* Has anyone had to support more than UTF­8, ISO­-8859-­1?
	* Voting Apparatus
		* Open Discussion, Google Docs, [Twitter Polling](https://twitter.com/highlander411/status/758370219635204096)


### Tickets
* [Ticket for interest group on Decouple the Scholar module #8](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/8)
	* Is this worth fixing?
	* If yes, any takers on looking into decoupling Cmodels, Google Scholar, and Embargoes
* [ISLANDORA-914](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-914)
* [ISLANDORA-1366](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1366)
* [ISLANDORA-1076](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1076)
* [ISLANDORA-1582](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1582)
* [ISLANDORA-1697](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1697)
* [ISLANDORA-1014](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1014)
* [ISLANDORA-1738](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1738)
* [ISLANDORA-1052](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1052)
* [ISLANDORA-1759](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1759)

## Attendees
* Don Richards (notetaker) - University of Tennessee

## Notes
* New Member Introductions

Also post on the Google Group<br/>
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-ir/cEpfd_XQu1M<br/>

## Next Meeting
Chair:
Note Taker:
