# Islandora IR Interest Group
## May 26, 2016, 3:00-4:00 PM EST (Skype)

## Agenda
* Roll call + new member introductions
  * FLVC folks
  * Anyone else?
* Proposal for rotating meeting chairs
  * Creates agendas
  * Sends out reminders
  * Takes notes & roll call
  * Sends notes to Melissa for Roadmap Committee
* Survey update from Emily
  * Creating a list of Islandora IRs in production
  * Will ask if they want to participate in IIRIG
  * Will ask if they are okay with links to their site on IIRIG README
* Future roadmap for the group
  * Fixing bugs in 1.x
  * Collaboratively redesign IR functionality for CLAW
    * Citation/thesis objects
    * Embargoes (cron + IP)
    * Entities (rename!)
    * Mediated deposit workflow
    * Statistics
  * What would YOU like to see the group do?

## Attendees

## Notes

The next Skype call will be on May 26, 3:00PM EST. 
