# Islandora IR Interest Group
## February 23, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
* Volunteer for today's notetaker & next meeting chair (March 23)?
* Islandora Badges update
* 1.9 release update
  * [0 open bugs for Islandora Usage Stats](https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Usage%20Stats%22) 
  * [6 open bugs for Islandora Scholar](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Scholar%20Module%22)
    * [1 is not Scholar specific](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726)
    * [1 has fix waiting for review](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1100)
    * Hope to get the other 4 fixed in time
  * Usage Stats & Scholar have more open tickets than just bugs (improvements, etc), but bugs take priority.
* IP Embargo & XML Sitemap usage?

## Attendees
* Keila Zayas-Ruiz :chicken:
* Devin Soper
* Bryan Brown
* Aaron Retteen
* Melissa Anez


## Notes

### Islandora Badges Updates

- It has been accepted. Targeted for next release. Diego Pino, the release manager, will determine whether the badges can come in after the code freeze; but it is coming, the timeline is just a little up in the air. 
- [https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-eBadges-Repository](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-eBadges-Repository) 
- [https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_altmetrics](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_altmetrics) 
- Islandora Altmetrics searches for a DOI in a MODS record and if there is one, it uses the Altmetrics API to output an altmetrics badge inside of a block. Brandon found some other metric badges from Web of Science and Scopus that also use DOIs and extended the module but did it in his own repository instead of doing it as changes to Altmetrics, so once it gets into the main Islandora repository we can start having it do other things, like with other IDs. 
- The next release should be for October 
- Once all the changes are straightened out, you probably don’t need to wait for the release. 
- Pull request - [https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_altmetrics/pull/12](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_altmetrics/pull/12) 
  

### 1.9 Release

- Code freeze is next Wednesday. 
- [https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726) 
- [https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Scholar%20Module%22](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1726?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Scholar%20Module%22) 
- Usage stats are now at 0 bugs. There are 6 bugs open for Islandora Scholar, but one of them is not Scholar specific and doesn’t really cause any buggy behavior. Another one has a fix already that is waiting for a review, so if anyone feels like testing it, you can here - [https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1100](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1100) 
    - Whenever there is no ISSN identifier in a MODS record, the first time you view an object with no ISSN identifier, it gives you this weird error. So Bryan has a pull request where that has been fixed and we just need someone to run through that and verify it behaves as we expect. And get another committer to merge it. 
    - After that, we’ll be down to 4 bugs left. 2 of them are pretty similar. Bryan hopes to get these fixed before the next code freeze next Wednesday. If anyone would like to help, that would be great. 
    - Bryan would prefer if Don could take [1267](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1267) and [1103](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1103). 
    - 1098 and 1291 Bryan thinks he can take care of in one pull request. 

### Usage Stats in Scholar

- If we can get the bugs fixed, then we can get usage stats in the next release. After the code freeze happens, the testers will test out all the tickets and make sure those closed tickets really are closed. Bryan may post something to the group list about how to proceed.   

### IP Embargo and XML Sitemap Usage

- [https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_ip_embargo](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_ip_embargo) 
- IP Embargo is under Islandora Labs, not really part of the main Islandora release, and Bryan thinks it got booted because of a historical conflict with XML Sitemap. Nobody really remembers exactly what the conflict was. 
- Bryan is doing some testing on FSU IR because we are heavy IP Embargo users but we also want to use XML SItemap because our SEO is not good. 
- Is anyone else using XML Sitemap and IP Embargo together? 
    - Keila isn’t sure XML sitemap is being used, but she doesn’t think they will have a use case for using IP embargo. They are still doing a lot of testing with indexing. 
    - The repository manager will probably be against using an IP embargo. They are going to use ETDs in the IR, but they don’t offer that now using Commons. 
        - They can select an embargo for a year, but that’s the only option they get. 

    - Bryan is putting together a list of modules that are core to what an IR needs to function, because just enabling Scholar does not make a full-on IR. You should also be using usage stats, XML sitemap for SEO/Google Scholar, Altmetric Utility Module, Badges, etc. If we can put together documentation for people who are trying to implement an Islandora IR to let them know things like “Day 1 you should work on these modules”, etc. 

- Question about the Entities module in Scholar: Something about, in order to activate ORCID integration, don’t you also have to have something else running? 
    - Bryan isn’t sure - he thinks that you don’t have to use ORCIDs, because there is the institutional e-mail address that can be used to tie a Person Entity to their works. Devin concurs: when you configure it, you have the option to choose what identifier you want to use as a hook for Person Entities, and you can have multiple. So at FLVC you have the option to use an ORCID or an institutional ID. 
    - Consistency in use/implementation is key. 
    - Aaron may be focusing on Entities in the future and may be able to weigh in on particulars. 
    - When you use an ORCID, does it validate the number to make sure its a valid account? 
        - Devin is not sure whether the functionality is built into the module, but he would be surprised if it were. FSU doesn’t have an institutional membership with ORCID so we haven’t explored what would be involved in validating all of that.  

    - Once you enable entities, does it require that you enter an ID or is it optional? 
        - It is built into the functionality that once you create a Person Entity you want that Person Entity to automatically populate with objects associated with that person, so that identifier is the hook; it will be in the person entity and needs to be added to all the objects associated with that person in order to be linked. 
        - So old content won’t be affected unless you go and retrospectively add those identifiers to all of those objects. 
        - Do you have to create the Person Entities or does the user create their own? 
            - In practice, administrators need to create the entities. In theory, it can be possible to give individual users the ability to create entities, but Devin isn’t aware of that happening anywhere; it’s kind of a complicated process that users may not be able to successfully go through and admin’s also have batch options that makes it easier. 

    - It would be programmatically possible that if your IR had authentication through something like CAS or something that returned information, especially if the person logging in had an ORCID, you could set some sort of a hook so that when Devin (who doesn’t have a IR account, let’s say) logs in using those credential it could return enough information to create a user, and a Islandora module can be used to trigger all the Islandora hooks to create an entity for that user and send them to a page where they can input their ORCID, so that entities could be created for people the first time they log in. This is the dream and is not implemented at the moment, but is a vision. 

- Keila’s institution isn’t using a separate form, so when you want to submit something it takes you to a Drupal form that is not in Islandora. Is there a way to autofill something like that in Islandora? 
    - Bryan: Yeah - those are called “tokens” (pre-filled things) and you can use tokens to set the default value of any kind of field. He’s not sure if you can add tokens to XML forms, though, but there’s probably some programmatic way to do that, you’d have to figure out how. 

  

### It seems like it is just FSU and Tennessee that are on these calls any more - how do we get more interest in the group?

- Give some presentations at Islandora Con. 
- Bryan - one of the main problems is there are not a whole lot of people using Islandora as an IR. 
- Devin - it would be nice to have FLVC represented here. Like Gail and Wilhelmina. Devin can reach out to Chelsea Bowley and others he knows of.  
- Bryan will send a message to Brandon at ARCA (?) and try to find someone from Boston College to let them know this call exists to see if they are interested. 
- Devin was going to say he thinks IslandoraCon will make a difference because Bryan will have a workshop on Scholar and there are a couple presentations on DigiNOle and using Islandora as an IR/Data Repo. Keila is doing a presentation, too, but geared more for people already using it - “Eliminating the Middle Man” regarding using third party services for ETDs. Full Schedule - [http://islandora.ca/camps/conference2017/schedule](http://islandora.ca/camps/conference2017/schedule)

## Next Meeting
* March 23, 2017 - 3pm EST
* Chair: Aaron Retteen and Bryan Brown (co-chair)
* Note Taker: Aaron Retteen
