# Islandora IR Interest Group
## June 26, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
- Introduction to new members
- Meeting time at 3PM: are we good?
- Will table discussion until next time (3PM)
- Announcement: Brandon Weigel now a 7.x-1.x committer!
- Final review of [CLAW IR MVP document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pFpL1PK1Tk3FSini2nZeDajw8PyXnh-2xBNOnM6fbvM/edit#)
- Feedback request: [Islandora Readership Reporter](https://github.com/fsulib/islandora_readership_reporter)
- Roundtable updates


## Attendees
- Don Richards :chicken:
- Bryan Brown :pencil2:
- Gail Lewis
- John O'Connor

## Notes
- No new people pt. 2 :(
  - OR + ALA
- Not enough people to make a decision about moving meeting time, so we'll plan to have the next meeting (July 24) at 3PM and discuss again then.
- CLAW IR MVP document
  - All feedback up until now has been recorded/merged
  - No new feedback at meeting
  - Next steps: send final request for feedback to lists, then discuss with CLAW developers.
- Islandora Readership Reporter
  - Developed by FSU as a replacement for readership reports from previous system
  - Relies on person entities and usage stats
  - Built for FSU's needs, but developed to be general enough for others to use
  - Will demo in an upcoming meeting
  - Feature requests, bugs and general feedback should be submitted as [issues on the repository](https://github.com/fsulib/islandora_readership_reporter/issues).
- Roundtable updates
  - John is going to be updating Islandora through a couple of versions. May need community help for gotcha issues.
  - Gail is making the case at her organization that open source contributions are a Good Thing.

## Next Meeting
* July 24, 2017 - 3pm EST
* Chair: Devin Soper
* Note Taker: Keila Zayas-Ruiz
