# Islandora IR Interest Group
## May 22, 2017, 1:00 - 2:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
* Introduction to new members
* Call for notetaker & chair for next meeting
* 1.9 release is out
* Islandoracon outcomes
  * CLAW MVP
    * Hack/Doc session shows how easy it is to build new Entities (like CModels)
    * Still in flux, maybe more changes to Entities
  * CLAW Scholar MVP
    * Hack/Doc session to [brainstorm "have-to-have" features vs "nice-to-have"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GzJGbk1HUBn838npIJVxmbvXv7lQXPzg9FJt6K32aEs/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Brainstorming document cleaned up into [CLAW IR MVP document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pFpL1PK1Tk3FSini2nZeDajw8PyXnh-2xBNOnM6fbvM/edit?usp=sharing)
    * CLAW IR MVP document needs your feedback in order to move on to the next step
  * Emphasis on community
    * We need more volunteers to chair meetings + take notes
      * Rotating chairs?
    * We need more developers to help out with JIRA tickets
    * We need a better way for IG members to add items to the agenda ahead of time
* Looking forward: Islandora 1.10 release
  * October 2017 deadline
  * Far fewer bugs than 1.8 -> 1.9, but lots of improvements/new features to work on
  * Lots of help needed to clear the backlog
    * Call for volunteers - what types of tickets can you take?

## Attendees

## Notes

## Next Meeting
* June 26, 2017 - 1pm EST
* Chair: ???
* Note Taker: ???
