# Islandora IR Interest Group
## July 24, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
- Introduction to new members
- Meeting time at 3PM: are we good?
- Chair/note taker volunteering 
- How to encourage broader participation
- Querying Fedora with RIS
- Islandora Submission Workflow
- Multisite Scholar Embargoes

## Attendees
- Keila Zayas Ruiz :chicken:
- Bryan Brown :pencil2:
- Gail Lewis
- John O'Connor
- Brandon Weigel

## Notes
- No new people pt. 3 :(
- Not enough people to make a decision about moving meeting time pt. 2 :(
  - Will post Doodle poll to list
  - Generally Mondays are bad, and after 3PM is bad too
- Chair/note taker volunteering
  - Hard to volunteer if we don't have a set time 
  - Gail volunteers provisionally
- How to encourage broader participation
  - Post to email lists to encourage participation (you don't have to have a running Islandora IR)
  - The following people will post to lists:
    - Devin: ALA ScholComm LPC
    - John: IR Manager Google Group
    - Bryan: Code4Lib
    - Gail: FLIIRT
  - The following people will represent the IIRIG at conferences:
    - Keila: DLF 2017
    - Bryan: OR 2018
- Querying Fedora with RIS
  - Fedora can't be queried with RIS, have to use SPARQL/ITQL
  - Mulgara (Fedora RI) doesn't have MODS fields, so probably better to use Solr
- Islandora Submission Workflow
  - Bryan is planning a generalized workflow module for 7.x using the Workflow module
  - Will report back later with more info
  

## Next Meeting
* August 28, 2017 - 3pm EST
* Chair: Devin Soper
* Note Taker: ???
