# Islandora IR Interest Group
## November 30, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Attendees
- Rachel Smart
- Carolyn Moritz
- Bryan Brown
- Brandon Weigel
- Don Richards
- Kim Mears
- Melissa Anez
- Joanne Parandjuk

## Notes
- Notetaker is Bryan
- Next meeting is during holiday break. Pull, push or skip?
  - Due to late November meeting and short
  - December is a short busy month
  - Most vote for January meeting
  - Czar Carolyn will chair with brutal impunity
- Melissa: Discussion of COAR Next Gen Repos report 
  - [Report PDF](https://www.coar-repositories.org/files/NGR-Final-Formatted-Report-cc.pdf)
  - [More info on COAR Next Gen Repos group](https://www.coar-repositories.org/activities/advocacy-leadership/working-group-next-generation-repositories/)
  - Few had time to give it more than a skim before meeting
  - Has 11 recommendations for repos to implement
  - #10: Exposing Standardized Usage Metrics
    - Brandon isn't satisfied with Islandora Usage Stats, nor should he be
      - It has problematic behavior
      - It runs on the backend and can be bypassed by agressive caching
      - No great API for other modules who want to use the data other than DB scraping
    - Client side metric tracking is better because it can't be bypassed through caching
      - Google Analytics and Piwik are the main choices
      - Don uses Google Analytics at UTK along with Google Tag Manager
      - Brandon uses Piwik
      - At Islandoracon, it was said that some European countries don't allow use of Google Analytics, Piwik is required because it has better privacy for users.
      - A modified version of Piwik is most likely option for CLAW in terms of IR stats.
  - #2: Declaring Licenses at a Resource Level
    - [rightsstatements.org](http://rightsstatements.org) for cultural heritage stuff, CC for IR content?
    - What element would this be stored in?
      - Brandon makes a compelling case for `<accessCondition>`
      - Would also need a URI for policies to ensure machine readability
      - May also need HTML UI components (meta tags, RDFa, etc)
      - This all depends on what external services are trying to harvest licenses
  - #4: Interacting with Resources (Annotation, Commentary, and Review)
    - Most of us have an immediate negative reaction to this
    - PLOS allows comments on articles
    - Also there are other tools for this, like [Hypothes.is](https://web.hypothes.is/)
    - Spam is always a concern, although proper authentication would mitigate this
    - Joanne mentions that faculty propably won't like this, may be a barrier to IR uptake.
    - Philosophically, should IRs be read-only, or read-write?
    - University repos should likely just be static read-only sources of info
      - Other platforms and disciplinary repos can aggregate the content from University repos, they would be a better place for this kind of thing.
    - Perhaps "annotation" could mean crowdsourced metadata enhancement? This could be useful.
      - Folksonomies used to be popular, but were problematic in practice.
  - Please read the report before next meeting and add your comments to [Melissa's Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S43pBNgKEqH_1CFtqLILHj5oaTAMaidaUq5YQMmb9zo/edit).
- Brandon: IR vision statments
  - Brandon mentions those who have already responded on the Google group, lots of description of what their IRs do but no real “vision”. Is this something anyone has stated anywhere officially?
  - Apparently not.
- Next meeting we will discuss:
  - CC licenses on IR content with Devin
  - Final run through of COAR NGR report

## Next Meeting
* Time: Thursday, January 25, 2018 - 3pm ET
* Chair: Carolyn Moritz
