# Islandora IR Interest Group
## April 24, 2017, 1:00 - 2:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
* Introduction any new members
* Call for notetakers?
* Release update: s'all good
* Islandoracon planning:
  * Who's going to Islandoracon?
  * Who's going to the Hackfest?
    * CLAW IR specfest
    * Determining + prioritizing required features for CLAW IR
    * Any suggestions for how to run this?
    * Billed as "Scholar for CLAW" but this could be problematic. What should we call it?
  * Who's going to the Scholar workshop? (vs "Querying and SPARQL Update" w/ Jared Whiklo)
    * Call for volunteers to talk about their IR setup
  * Who's going to the post-conference IRIG meeting?
* Islandoracon Hackfest planning
* Next meeting agenda: Islandoracon outcomes for those left behind (May 22, Monday after Islandoracon)

## Attendees
* Bryan Brown :chicken: :pencil2:
* Devin Soper
* Keila Zayas Ruiz
* Don Richards
* Melissa Anez
* John O'Connor
* Brandon Weigel

## Notes

## Next Meeting
* May 22, 2017 - 1pm EST
* Chair: Bryan Brown
* Note Taker: ???
