# Islandora IR Interest Group
## January 26, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/qopMbhd7Ksxb))

## Agenda
* Volunteer for today's notetaker?
* Volunteer to chair next meeting (Feb 23)?
* Islandora Badges coming to the foundation!
* Islandoracon 2017
  * Who's going, and who wants to co-teach a Scholar workshop?
* 1.9 release at end of April
  * Code freeze is March 1st (no new features)
  * [Unclosed Scholar bugs to fix](https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20ISLANDORA%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened%2C%20%22In%20Review%22)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Scholar%20Module%22)
  * Developers: lets try to close as many bugs as we can before the release
  * Librarians: we need release testers!
* [ETDMS datastream for theses?](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1847)
  * Would an automatically generated [ETDMS](https://sites.google.com/a/ndltd.org/ndltd/standards/metadata#encodings.marc) datastream be helpful to you?
* [Embargo requirements w/r/t PCDM discussion](https://github.com/duraspace/pcdm/issues/70)
* CLAW stuff!
  * 1.x CModels -> 2.x Entities
    * Different implementation, but same idea: object types that map to forms & displays
    * What CLAW entity types do we want to support in a CLAW IR MVP?
      * [COAR Resource Types](https://www.coar-repositories.org/activities/repository-interoperability/ig-controlled-vocabularies-for-repository-assets/coar-vocabularies/deliverables/) might be a good start
      * Attractive: Dataset, Book, Book part, Book review, thesis, Conference paper, Conference poster, Journal article
  * [RDF UI use cases](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/x2UaNrCElzo)
  * [Embargoes](https://github.com/duraspace/pcdm/issues/70)
    * Any extra embargo use cases?


## Attendees
* Bryan Brown :chicken:
* Don Richards
* Devin Soper
* Keila Zayas-Ruiz :pencil2:
* Melissa Anez
* Donald Moses

## Notes
* Volunteer for today's notetaker?
 * Keila
* Volunteer to chair next meeting (Feb 23)?
 * Keila
* Islandora Badges coming to the foundation!
 * Will become official Islandora module
 * [Islandora social metatags](https://github.com/bondjimbond/islandora_social_metatags)—add a blurb to social media tags
* Islandoracon 2017
 * Who's going, and who wants to co-teach a Scholar workshop?
  * Keila, Melissa, Devin, Bryan will be attending
  * Devin and Keila volunteered to help Bryan with workshop and present a user end viewpoint 
* [1.9 release](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit) at end of April
 *	Code freeze is March 1st (no new features)
 * Unclosed Scholar bugs to fix
  * Try to fix as many bugs as possible before the code freeze in march
  * Don says that many of these have been worked on already at UT and should be able to be incorporated within the next few weeks
  * Don will go through tickets in JIRA to identify which ones and assign them to himself
  * Bryan will go through and try to pick up the slack
 * Developers: lets try to close as many bugs as we can before the release
 * Librarians: we need release testers!
* ETDMS datastream for theses?
 * Would an automatically generated ETDMS datastream be helpful to you?
  * Brandon W not fully satisfied with the output
  * Keila feels it would be nice to have in future instance
  * Will wait on more information before pursuing 
* Embargo requirements w/r/t PCDM discussion   
 *	PCDM should handle embargoes   
 * (https://github.com/duraspace/pcdm/wiki/Embargo-Vocabulary-Recommendation)   
 * CLAW use cases:   
  * If you have any use cases you can post on CLAW interest group page directly on the issue https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues/273   
  * Devin has concerns about access. He thinks that there should me more granular managed access for certain users.   
* CLAW stuff!   
 * 1.x CModels -> 2.x Entities    
 * Different implementation, but same idea: object types that map to forms & displays    
  * Some overlap with metadata interest group    
   * We should be thinking about what ontologies would be best to support materials typically found in an IR—ie journal articles, etds, etc    
   * COAR Resource Types might be a good start   
 * What CLAW entity types do we want to support in a CLAW IR MVP?    
  * Attractive bundles for scholar module: Dataset, Book, Book part, Book review, thesis, Conference paper, Conference poster, Journal article    
  * https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/api/entity-api/introduction-to-entity-api-in-drupal-8    
  * https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/api/entity-api/bundles   
  * Bundles are comparable to content types   
  * You can enable the parts that you want and leave other parts out. It’s not all or nothing.   
  * Think about which bundles would be the most useful for you to have in CLAW.  Comment on which ones would be most important and which would be least important.   
* RDF UI use cases   
 *	https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/api/entity-api/bundles    
 * Maps form fields to RDF predicates    
 * Example: If there is a thesis bundle and the form has a field associated with embargo date.  Drupal doesn’t pick this out as anything other than a string of text. This module allows for it to recognize in the background that FaBio has embargo predicate.  Turns it from a drupal bundle to an RDF table and allows for human readable input.     
 * Use cases can be found here https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20%22RDF%20UI%22 listed under RDF UI:    
 * More information about what the module does http://www.kalose.net/oss/drupal-8-rdf-ui-schema-org-mappings/    

## Next Meeting
* February 23, 2017 - 3pm EST
* Chair: Keila
* Note Taker: ???
