# Islandora IR Interest Group
## September 28, 2017, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Attendees
- Rachel Smart :chicken:
- Carolyn Moritz :pencil2:
- Bryan Brown
- Devin Soper
- John O’Connor
- Brandon Weigel
- Don Richards
- Kim Mears

## Notes
- New meeting time: 
  - CLAW UI Interest Group potential conflict
  - Moving forward IRIG will continue with this time unless CLAW UI/other conflicts arise
- 7.x-1.10 release updates
  - License and README audits complete! 
  - Official release still targeted for Oct 31
  - RC VM comes out next week (Tuesday, Oct 3)
  - Code freeze in effect
  - Documentation IG: Email forthcoming around tomorrow re:
    - Deleted states, terminology for deleted but not purged content
    - Inconsistency between Duraspace wiki and Islandora wiki, to be modified
  - Fixed RC deadlines will be in tomorrow’s email
  - Still some bugs to fix in Scholar (help needed ASAP)
    - https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1945
    - https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1291 
    - Have to do with DOI Importer, FSU unfamiliar and requesting outside help
- CLAW IR MVP presentation to CLAW committers
  - Features absolutely necessary for CLAW migration
  - Post-presentation, determined many features not IR-specific
  - Bryan’s presentation (see notes linked above) approved
- Complex Objects in Islandora (John O’Connor)
  - BC is using DigiTool for special collections & Islandora IR
  - Looking to move to single software, John pushing for Islandora
  - Requesting feedback/experiences on managing complex objects in Islandora
  - Perception: “Islandora technically does complex objects but not very well”
  - Concerns: Nesting - can it, and how well does it work? How does it display?
  - Clarification: “Complex objects” = Digitized physical object, diary as example
  - Desire: Individual images associated in context but not individually findable
  - How long/robust does everybody expect Islandora 7x to be? Not looking to do multiple migrations in short time frame. Opinions/thoughts requested.
    - Don: Deliberate in accommodating different Islandora usage and putting forth the effort for backwards compatibility
    - John/BC will do further research and requests additional info/listservs while moving forward
    - Bryan: Even after CLAW, many will continue to use Islandora 7x for the foreseeable future
  - Bryan endorses “complex object” functionality while acknowledging its a difficult thing to do for any repo
  - Additional feedback request: How robust is navigation between parent/child objects in compound objects? (?)
    - Lots of people share examples in practice:
    - Wilhemina: documentation/tech info on content models
    - Brandon: http://ecuad.arcabc.ca/islandora/object/ecuad%3Atheses
    - Devin: http://diginole.lib.fsu.edu/islandora/object/fsu%3A217560#page/Front+Cover/mode/2up
    - Bryan: https://fsu.digital.flvc.org/islandora/object/fsu%3A274046
- Submission Workflow module design plan - feedback requested
  - Similar to UTK’s work on ETD Submission Workflow, but general toolkit for customizable submission workflows
  - Call for feedback on plan for implementation
  - Goal: Customizable/usable as possible for IRs at different institutions
  - Doc contents: General explanation, module dependencies, primary components, security concerns (and how to circumvent them) as requested by FLVC
  - Awaiting writing code until feedback received
  - FLVC meeting: Security concerns, anonymous Drupal users’ ability to upload files; Submission Workflow’s security section includes suggestions and best practice, useful to show administrators et al. with institutional security concerns
  - Agenda item for next meeting to give people time to read Workflow at their own pace

## Next Meeting
* Thursday, October 26, 2017 - 3pm EDT
* Chair: ???
* Note Taker: ???
