# Islandora IR Interest Group
## May 24, 2018, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Attendees
- Rachel Smart :chicken: :pencil2:
- Bryan Brown
- Brandon Weigel
- Don Richards
- Joanna DiPasquale
- David Keiser-Clark

## Notes
- Call for volunteers:
  - Note taker: Rachel Smart
  - Chair for next meeting: Don Richards
- New video call platform?
  - Zoom?
    - Everyone else is maybe doing it
    - Islandora Foundation is deciding on whether or not to get an account. 
      - If they do, we'll go with this
  - Free Conference Call HD? 
    - https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/webrtc?phone=(641)%20715-3570&access_code=304589
    - “If we're on freeconferencecallhd/irc, we'd probably want our own irc channel, since people are actively using the Islandora chatroom”
  - Collaborate meeting room?
- Brandon: Islandora Badges update
  - OADOI no longer works
  - Waiting for a pull to replace it with a new unpaywall module
  - Right Statements waiting to be added to Badges Repo
- Brandon: Push for 7.x-1.12 improvements
  - Improving Google Scholar indexing with bundled Views: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1816
  - Bad MODS representing document version: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1918
  - Various Scholar functions using incorrect “Degree grantor” term: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-2225 and https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1988
  - Bad attribute in default form: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-2197
  - Entities SP - Improper limitation of Person’s list of Citations and Theses: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-2149
  - Bryan suggestion: IRIG prioritizes tickets collectively, & we create a subgroup for Islandora IR devs to tackle them
    - Don & Brandon agree
    - We'll try to set up a time for a recurring video call
- David: LASIR updates
  - https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/LASIR
  - Combining IR committers and LASIR goals
  - Phase I and II updates - funding, features, timeline
  - LASIR Steering Committee - seeking Drupal developers for project technical leadership and oversight
  - Phase III plans to be developed next
- Bryan: Islandora Remote Resource SP for external data files
  - Store “big data” safely and cheaply on AWS S3
  - Islandora metadata-only objects point to it
  - Can also be used to point to external websites
- Discussion of COAR Next Gen Repos report (PDF) features 10 & 11
  - Not enough time to discuss

## Next Meeting
* Time: Thursday, June 28, 2018 - 3pm ET
* Chair: Don Richards
