# Islandora IR Interest Group
## February 22, 2018, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Attendees
- Bryan Brown
- Devin Soper
- Don Richards :chicken:
- Kim Mears
- Rachel Smart :pencil2:
- David Keiser-Clark
- Wilhelmina Randtke

## Notes
- Call for volunteers
  - Note taker? Rachel
  - Chair for next meeting? Also Rachel
- David: ICG LASIR project (Liberal Arts Sprint for IR)
  - Public LASIR Features Roadmap
  - ICG submitted IMLS pre-proposal: “Developing Islandora to be an Equitable Open-Source IR Platform”
  - Hit upon a collaborative way of having institutions pledge funds to support open source development
  - Plan is to use funds to hire specialized vendors to develop features 
  - Have a dual goal: one is to create a comprehensive suite of tools to enable islandora to serve as an IR for liberal arts schools - recognizing that these needs may differ from those of large research institutions - but still hoping that features can be reused by other institutions
  - Hoping that this will help make islandora an attractive platform for schools currently on bepress
  - Oberlin group has 80 schools, roughly 40 of which are on bepress
  - Two other large consortia also have dozens if not hundreds of schools on bepress
  - Point is that there is a big opportunity here and it may not cost much to develop 7.x into a platform that is attractive to these institutions
  - Short story is that they think they can finish the development in approx 1 to 1.5 years
  - IMLS pre proposal grant to help fund
- Action item: Create PDF of the most desireable IR features (30-40 slides including both front and back end)
  - Point is to communicate more effectively about these features to other schools - to explain what these features would mean, what needs they would meet, etc. 
  - Seems to be many different understandings of what an IR is, so a slide deck with images of what these features look like in production would also be valuable
  - Who knows bepress and wants to make slides?
  - Bryan & Don can answer questions
  - Devin can help
  - We can included these discussions in our agenda
- Discussion of COAR Next Gen Repos report (PDF) features 7-9
  - Started with “Collecting & Exposing Activities”
  - Notes kept in [Melissa's COAR Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S43pBNgKEqH_1CFtqLILHj5oaTAMaidaUq5YQMmb9zo/edit)
  - Only got through 9, 10 & 11 will be discussed in March meeting

## Next Meeting
* Time: Thursday, March 22, 2018 - 3pm ET
* Chair: Rachel Smart
