# Islandora IR Interest Group
## January 25, 2018, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Attendees
- Carolyn Moritz
- Bryan Brown
- Devin Soper
- Don Richards
- Kim Mears
- Rachel Smart
- David Keiser-Clark

## Notes
- Note taker? Carolyn Moritz :clap::clap::clap:
- Chair for next meeting? Don Richards :clap::clap::clap:
- Bryan: Using Islandora Datastreams I/O for batch metadata cleanup
  - [Google Doc with general instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CZ9zeawiZ1364-PWNzE4CCEo4MniJiiSN35YII4XHlk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - FSU/FLVC about to test as part of a metadata cleanup project
  - Makes batch metadata processing more approachable for admins without access to the production CLI
  - Brandon had some issues with 0B export files (empty)
  - Bryan will look for issues and keep the IIRIG updated
  - Possible next steps for improving this module for metadata cleanup include:
    - Changing shell calls to manage files with Drupal filesystem API calls (reduce permissions issues)
    - Adding a well-formedness/validity check to MODS replacements in import files
- Devin: CC licenses for IR content
  - FSU's IR is trying to standardize licenses on content using CC
  - Needs to be discoverable by aggregators (BASE, SHARE)
  - Brandon suggests that maybe these licenses could display a badge on the object display
- Discussion of [COAR Next Generation Repositories report](https://www.coar-repositories.org/files/NGR-Final-Formatted-Report-cc.pdf)
  - Discussed features 1-6 (through "Batch Discovery")
  - Notes being stored in [Melissa's Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S43pBNgKEqH_1CFtqLILHj5oaTAMaidaUq5YQMmb9zo/edit)

## Next Meeting
* Time: Thursday, February 22, 2018 - 3pm ET
* Chair: Don Richards
