# Islandora IR Interest Group
## June 28, 2018, 3:00 - 4:00 PM EST ([Join Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/526356143))

## Attendees
- Don Richards :chicken: 
- Rachel Smart :pencil2:
- Bryan Brown
- Brandon Weigel
- Melissa Anez
- Joanna DiPasquale
- David Keiser-Clark
- Wilhelmina Randtke

## Notes
- Call for volunteers:
  - Note taker: Rachel Smart
  - Chair for next meeting: ???
- New video call platform: Zoom. No more Skype (good riddance!)
- LASIR Updates
  - Two phases to LASIR project
    - Phase 1: (imminent) 
      - ½ dozen features
      - How to implement the features, what they’d look like, technical features, wireframes 
      - Talk to other schools and users of bePress about what features they need Islandora to be able to do or do better
      - Receiving feedback for the rest of the year 
    - Phase 2: October 2018 (maybe when building starts)
  - ISLE meetings will continue to be open
  - LASIR will have open, biweekly meetings
  - Don shared https://github.com/utkdigitalinitiatives/TRACE
  - Still trying to decide on names
    - Islandora for All? (ICG agrees maybe)
  - Gospel: https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/LASIR
- Discussion of [COAR Next Gen Repos report (PDF)](https://www.coar-repositories.org/files/NGR-Final-Formatted-Report-cc.pdf) features 10 & 11
  - [Doc created by Melissa for commenting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S43pBNgKEqH_1CFtqLILHj5oaTAMaidaUq5YQMmb9zo/edit)
  - Start with “Exposing Standardized Usage Metrics”
    - Added the notes to Melissa’s doc

## Next Meeting
* Time: Thursday, July 26, 2018 - 3pm ET
* Chair: ???
